His family has lived in the city for over 4000 years, going on 7 generations of Thaloins living there. They are a medium noble house, and have been on a steady rise from the merchant class to noble for the past 2000 years.
Valadil was very smart, and his family enrolled him in one of the city's prominent Arcane Schools. He was expected to become a great wizard, but nobody could have guessed he had absolutely no aptitude for Wizard Spells. His arcane knowledge was excellent (for his age) and he passed the classes easily, except when it came to aptitude tests. For some reason, he could never get the spells to actually cast. His family pulled him from the school and had him enrolled with a private tutor.
Little did Valadil know, but his family has been a leading member of the Seared Ember Cult, a massive organization worshiping Huvengoth, Devil Lord of Deception. The normal process for his family would have been to train him as a Wizard, and then slowly bring him into the cult, but due to his failure they brought him in early and bound him more closely to their master than anyone before him (Warlock - Infernal Pact).
Within a year, Valadil had not only mastered the basics of his Magic, he had also been able to use his masters gift to unlock his Wizard Magic (High Elf wizard cantrip). He spent long hours convincing others that he had finally gotten the hang of wizard spells, and would enroll in the school once his private tutor said he was ready (Deception, pretend to be wizard)
During this time, he also became an important member of the cults underground operations (Criminal Background). He spent much of his time learning to fence goods and facilitate contracts. Over the years, he became an invaluable member of the cults shady operations, and moved up in rank within the cult.
Soon word spread to the city of Eternal Dusk that a new continent had been discovered across the great sea (Adventure reason from DM). Realizing how much an early foothold on this new land's black market would increase the cults cash flow and reputation, Valadil was dispatched to establish new trade routes/black markets on this new land.