Arzarin's parents are Waterdhavian wizards - one Chondathan human mother (Raltyn Windsailor) and one moon-elf father (Versal Ruathal). Both are instructors at the mage academy of the Watchful Orders of Magists and Protectors, and it is because of them that Arzarin has been steeped in all things wizarding from childhood. Arzarin was, in fact, born in Waterdeep.
Elves and half-elves are from time to time made in Corellon Larethian's androgynous, sometimes-depicted-as-hermaphroditic image, and Arzarin was either lucky or unlucky to be born with completely ambiguous genitalia, depending on whom, out of the few people who know, you ask. (It is for this reason that Arzarin's patron deity is Corellon Larethian, even though hir parents worship Selune (Raltyn)/Sehanine Moonbow (Versal), as the young half-elf derives an enhanced sense of comfort and belonging from it.) Arzarin's gender identity is also, concomitantly, neither male nor female.
Being a half-elf is not terribly easy already - humans are too hasty and too shortsighted, and elves move too slowly and are stuck in the mire even if they are good at taking the long view. Arzarin does not find it particularly easy to deal with the less wise members of either race, although Arzarin's patience is great (teach a barbarian to read? Perfect.). Arzarin has developed a rather cosmopolitan worldview as the consequence of living at metaphorical intersections.
So the little half-elf grew up straddling a number of things - races, genders and sexes, Arzarin's contended with it all. Luckily, being a half-elf with a very wise human for one parent and an elf for the other, Arzarin was fairly privileged in that even at its worst, the two difficult trials of growing up both as a mixture of two races and outside the Faerunian gender binary was made about as easy as it could be. It still wasn't easy, but Arzarin could always go to Mom and Dad for help. It also helped that Arzarin was a very brilliant, observant child and good with social skills, so Arzarin quickly learned to use wiles and wit to defuse harrowing social situations with other children, being generally too weak to hold up well in a physical altercation (in fact, Arzarin has always had a glass jaw and strongly prefers to make powerful, ranged magic attacks to keep enemies at bay. When it gets to a melee situation, Arzarin is almost useless!).
Arzarin was drawn to wizardry for a few reasons: A bright mind needs to vacuum up knowledge, and Arzarin loved to learn. It is for this reason that Divination is Arzarin's focus, in particular, in addition to Arzarin's choice of wizardry as a profession. Wizarding is a more scholarly practice of magic than the other classes, and Arzarin is a consummate scholar above all. Knowledge is also the primary way in which Arzarin learned to cope with the difficulties of the unique life that the universe had tossed the young half-elf's way, in addition to being able to exert enough charm to have some supportive friends.
Outside of combat, Arzarin is all charm and smiles and brains. Arzarin may disguise hirself as one of a pair of twins - the male Arzair Windsailor or the female Arzara, and in fact, there are a handful of people out there who have no idea that they are the same person merely avoiding ill effects from the closed-minded. In combat, Arzarin is kind of a coward and likely to try to talk to the fiend if it speaks any of the languages Arzarin speaks, and would probably use someone with better STR or CON as a shield of sorts, choosing to protect the party with ranged or large area attacks and using divination to figure out the target's weak spots. If a fiend actually lays a hand on Arzarin, the wizard is probably toast.
Having just reached Phandalin, Arzarin, unbeknownst to the rest of the party, died in the goblin ambush on the way - and also unbeknownst to the rest of the party, was revived through the intervention of Corellon Larethian and revealed to be a Chosen of the Coronal of Arvandor. What impact this will have on the still-green adventurers has yet to be seen, but it appears the party as a whole may be full of truly special folk and have a yet more epic story in their future, and this is just the first sign...