born from a tribe where no outside influences happened as they wandered in an isolated location. While the tribe had internal squabbles, they evolved being fairly peaceful, redirecting their "rage of Gruumsh" to hunting instead.
His human parent was among the traveling merchants looking for a new trade route to establish. They had intended to trade with a possible, although purely theoretical, settlement of dwarves living on the mountains but instead found the orcs living on the other side. The results were unexpected, but the trade was successful. Eventually, one of them mingled with the orcs and my half-orc was born.
As for personal history, the half-orc stayed with the tribe for most of his childhood. Here, the half-orc learned how to hunt in the wild from the elders and a bit of magic from the tribe's shamans. He had a hard time trying to keep up with his kin's superior strength, but his stubbornness allowed the elders to see something in him. He eventually completed the test of the coming-of-age through skill and craftiness while retaining the "rage of Gruumsh" within him, acknowledging that while he is only of half blood, he is the full son of Gruumsh and a true orc.
He left to travel with his human parent afterwards. He was enrolled to a Dwarf apothecary's care where he studied how to make and prescribe medicines. The dwarf actually had a deep hatred with orcs, but because of his isolation from society, the parent thought it was the best place for the half-orc to spare him of prejudice of a bigger community. The half-orc's stubbornness eventually grew on the dwarf and eventually he learned more from him than just apothecary work. It was also here where the half-orc came to realize his love of beer.
Nowadays, the half-orc is an active member in a guild recommended by the dwarf, although he tends to go alone in the woods due to mostly being alone throughout his life. He uses his ranger skills to look for fresh ingredients before coming back to craft medicines and drink beer. It isn't until one fateful day when this will all change (when will this happen, I have yet to know).