The Superus household is a wealthy and noble household with almost a thousand family members with the oldest ones being almost 900 years old. The house doesn't swim in prosperity because of chance though. The family is known for having protection and guidance from the greek god Athena. Athena does this by choosing 8 members from the family to both give access to her power and be guided by having her control them from time to time.
Caelum lives in a kingdom in Elven garde with both his parents and his little sister who's 5 years younger. They both usually played together and were like friends. One day though, the current leader of the household being blessed by Athena, died of old age, meaning they had to choose someone new. They said the one who can gather more wealth than the old leader ever could, would be the next. The next day though, Caelum woke up, not with his normal blue eyes, but with golden instead. He felt less emotional, but he felt knowledge flowing through him like a stream of power. Being incredibly successful in everything, his parents adored him. Giving him all the attention, which his sister ultimately got displeased about.
One day though, his mother caught a disease, making her unable to speak or leave bed at all. This was then something in his sister snapped, making her plan her brothers death. Their father soon figured out and come to the conclusion their daughter was possessed and cursed his wife. Leading to him, executing his own daughter in front of the household, to everyone's approval. Caelum didn't know the reason though. "He's too young to know the truth" was what they said. Time passed. While he wanted to cry, his eyes turned blue, but when he wanted to feel strong in his mind, his eyes went golden.
He soon began to create hatred for his father and began his plot to resurrect his sister. While he did do it successfully, he then realized that his sister actually was possessed. The demon saw potential in Caelum, therefore possessed him. Athenas protection shielded of half of the possession, only giving the demon half control. Caelum's eyes turned purple, and the demon as thanks fulfilled his wish. He therefore hung Caelum's father by the neck, the same way they executed his sister, while making it seem like suicide.
Not so long after that, he decided to venture out to the world to gain wealth and become the next leader. Half possessed by a sadistic and manipulative demon, himself being happy always in the arms of his sister, and guided by the emotionless goddess of knowledge who's only concern involves the protection of the family.