He had a pretty decent life, no angst, loyal to his country of magocracy, making a good military career, a father who is still alive, and a mother who died of old age, but lived a happy life. Until one black ops went real bad because things were worse than the agency anticipated.
Result was a huge scandal, about three hundred deaths, a district covered in blood and huge pile of bodies, a prestigious noble house (the black ops target, famous for mathematical magic, its member of alchemist and wizards, and biology research) dissolved, all of its member murdered. Government wants this thing "never had happened before".
So everything about him, his team, the ops was erased permanently. Name, records, stricken out. He and his team were exiled. The team went separate ways.
He started out new as a "adventurer for hire". A little cold from what his country did to him, but understood that it has to be done. What more important is that he knew what happened during the ops, and if it ever came out. Millions will die. His goal is to live on, find a way to reunite the team, and make sure there are no loose ends from that ops.
The black ops detail is simple: A noble house was secretly conducting a research on magic, the mission is to ascertain that it is safe and legal, and if its not. Grab evidence, report back, gov will take it from there. If things gets out of hands or it turns out really dangerous, put a permanent stop to it.
Turns out the house was researching chaos theory, and bloodline magic. They can calculate precisely and exactly how the events can turn out using hypothetical mathematics. Also they can target spells through bloodlines. If they want to curse the father, they could just put it on the son, and the spell will run its course. They already secretly put magical runes on random pedestrians of a district and plan to run experiment the same night the ops went.
The team decided to kill everyone involving this including the doomed pedestrians, also other members of the house to prevent any revenge attempts. Blew the mansions sky high, destroy any slightest trace of both researches.