At the age of 9, when Neverwinter was struck by a plague, his mother left him at the Temple of the Setting Sun after falling ill and disappeared. His elf father, having left years earlier on adventures, was long out of the picture.
He helped out at the temple, learning about the Gods and about religion in general, though the temple wasn't dedicated to any one god. At the age of 15, the temple burned down in a huge fire and Simon was forced once more onto the streets.
This time though, he had some fellow urchins with him: the half-elf Ehemon and a human girl Wyna. After 4 years living on the streets, they were recruited into The Brotherhood of the Silver Band, where life was hard, but still good.
The leader of this cult, and elf by the name of Elmingor, soon started showing signs of madness and, after a short spiral of decay, commanded a sacrifice to appease the cult's patron. Simon was chosen for this sacrifice.
The local chapter of The Lord's Alliance, hearing about a cult rapidly building power, recognised the risk and sent a platoon to break up the cult. They attacked on the night of Simon's sacrifice.
Simon then spent the rest of his life in quiet solitude... or he likely would have, if they had managed to stop the sacrifice in time. Elmingor himself plunged the knife into Simon's heart, but when the energies around the altar faded away into nothing after a moment and with soldiers barely moments away, he had no choice but to flee.
What he failed to realise is that the ritual had been inverted, due in no small part to his fellow urchin friend, Wyna, who had accidentally reversed some crucial runes on the altar. Instead of bringing the patron deity to Elmingor, it had instead sent Simon's soul to the deity's plane instead.
Simon, wreathed in darkness and emptiness of a place beyond the Far Planes, saw only the silhouette of a figure, his vision dominated by a bright silver band, with a glowing red light from within it's centre. The deity spoke to him, telling him that it was the first being it had met in a countless age and it would preserve his life, granting him power, if only he would heed the deity's call when the right time came. Simon, in no position to negotiate, agreed.
When the Lord's Alliance found him, his wound had disappeared, and all witnesses to the ritual had been killed by a powerful discharge of magic. Fearing the worst, they "inducted" him into the order and filed him away in a corner where he could do minimal harm if he were corrupted: the Great Library of Neverwinter. This was 3 years ago.
6 months prior to LMoP, showing no signs of trouble or concern, Simon was allowed to become a proper member of the Lord's Alliance chapter that rescued him. He went to Sildar to assist him and, after Iarno managed to flee the party, Sildar assigned him to follow them and track down Iarno wherever he went and return him to justice.
Now that he is no longer under the watchful eyes of the Lord's Alliance, his deity has begun to move into position, granting Simon more and more power. Soon he will grant him his Magnum Opus: the true ritual that Elmingor tried to use on simon - a ritual that will send a soul to his deity, in exchange for a fragment of the sacrificed person's knowledge, instinct and skill.