The basic jist is that he grew up in a down with high disparity of wealth, the poor were constantly working and budgeting for food while anyone with money was living the high life. Prolder grew up being a rowdy boy and got into a fair amount of trouble in the city, but he never did anything serious like cripple someone so he was always generally released. He was essentially forced out of town since nobody but his friends and parents would socialize with him, so he made a little hut in the outskirts of the town and became a hunter for himself in a nearby forest.
People still didn't trust Prolder living so close, and the richer population pushed the Lord of the town to lock up Prolder permanently or remove him somehow. The Lord was hardly concerned with him, Prolder had never been a murderer or a serious delinquent like some of the current criminals locked up, so the Lord ended up just conscripting Prolder into a surveying mission to the North.
Trained for about a month with a sword, he was given basic armor and put into a small group of 20 ish soldiers and they marched north, a could of surveyors charting out the land around them. After a couple months into their journey, Prolder and the other soldiers were attacked by a bandits. Most of the soldiers being pretty young and insociable, they couldn't organize well and were killed by the much better prepared bandits. Prolder was able to play dead and hide under a couple of fellow soldiers. Once the attack was over and he was sure everyone left, he got out of the pile and began aimlessly wandering, hoping to find his way home, but during his walks he eventually came across the Forbidden Graveyard.
Summoned by the recent slaughter of the soldiers, bandits, and surveyor deaths, the inter dimensional Forbidden Graveyard opened its gates to one who was essentially dead, no records of him existing left other than word of mouth. He walked through the graveyard, looking at all the different headstones until he came across an enormous gate left ajar. Prolder peered through the gate, which was the barrier between the world of the living and the dead. He gained clarity on the processes of life, death, and rebirth all in this small visit, the knowledge of this all washing over him. He was given a choice by the grave, accept his fate and cross over into the land of the dead or return to the world of the living as a Graveborn and help escort lost souls into the afterlife. Prolder wanted to live and decided to work for the Forbidden Graveyard. He walked into the pitch black of the night and came out changed from his experiences.
It took weeks of travelling to hone his magical powers, but he was eventually able to manifest the powers of the graveyard into his palm and manipulate it. Prolder's main goal is to escort the substitute for his soul into the afterlife, the Lord that forced him into service will be sent in payment in return for the truths and powers given to him.