Horward Trakas grew up in a small village on the outskirts of Yartar. His father was the local grocery store owner and wanted nothing else but for his only son to take over the family business. Horward was just not meant to be a store owner; he loved the thrill of the stage and the love and attention of admiring fans. To his father’s dismay, he did whatever he could to seek the attention those around him with sweet performances.
He started with simple magic tricks and illusionary spells out of old library books but he felt flashy visual displays were not enough to captivate his audience. Something else was needed to stand out from the far more capable sorcerers, so he learned to play music and became quite the local sensation. Combining simple magical displays and music was nothing new but there was something about the way Horward held himself that made people flock from neighboring cities to see what all the buzz about a new celebrity was about. His good looks and killer smile helped boost his amateur performing skills and he became immensely popular especially with the ladies. All of the celebrity and sexual attention got to his head and he became more focused on his sensual after show encounters than the performances themselves.
At around this time, several of his… admirers… began showing the first signs of pregnancy. Horward began having back alley encounters with angry fathers, mothers, and of course, former partners. Additionally, He was completely unprepared for fatherhood. He had to escape. 
After searching for locations wherein to further his goals as well has increase his vast hoard of bardic knowledge, he decided upon the College of New Olamn, in a villa above the sea near Waterdeep. He acquiesced to the Colleges proffered goals, but often crept out during the night to perform under cover in the local taverns, bringing the occasional partner up to a room in an inn for the night. 
After years of study, sex, and performances, his name became well-known in Waterdeep, and he decided to trek back north, eventually ending up in Red Larch, just a few days journey from Yartar.