I used to be a carpenter in Sundabar. I hear some people say they think Sundabar's too cold an' stony an' all, an' maybe that's true, but I love the city anyhow. Ahh, what a great city that was, full o' great people an' pubs an' all... only we were too poor, see. Me an' me mates, we could barely afford a drink after a hard day's work, let alone feed a family. I mean I don't have no family, but a lotta my mates do, see, an' one day we were all in a pub an' talkin' 'bout how bad we had it an' all, an' someone  I think it was ol' Karl  anyhow he said that we were all so poor on account of the merchants had all o' the money. See in Sundabar we get a lotta our food 'n' goods 'n' stuff from tradin' an' all, an' everythin' goin' in an' outta Sundabar goes through them merchants, and Karl said that they're usin' their control over trade to take all o' our money an' stuff, an' to control the, um, the whatchamacallit, oh  the means o' production, that's what ol' Karl called it. An' he said we'd be better off if we  that is, all the common folk like you an' me  if we took control o' the means o' production, an' if erryone owned the means o' production, not just some dumb ol' merchants, an' he said that if erryone only did whatever work they could an' only took what they needed there'd be more 'an enough for erryone, an' that someone oughtta do somethin' 'bout all this, an' I'd had a bit to drink by then so I stood up, an'  well, you know how it goes, next thing I knew I was leadin' strikes an' protests an' all, only o' course ol' Helm  that is, the Rulin' Master o' Sundabar, guy in charge o' the city an' whatnot  well, he didn't like all this o' course, so he sent his whole gang o' mercenaries after me, an', well... that's how I ended up here, I guess... Hey, ya think you could help me out? I figure if I can get a lotta people to help me, an' money an' all, I can go back home to Sundabar an' maybe get rid o' Helm an' the merchants an' help my mates out, an' maybe then all my mates won't be starvin' all the time, an' nobody in Sundabar will be poor an' they'll all be happier an' all  so whaddaya say?