Grim Wan has been training in martial arts since the ripe young age of 4. Ever since he can remember, he has been living at the top of a mountain, in a temple in Mulhorand. This life was everything he wanted: rigorous training, yet peaceful. Most importantly, living in isolation, far from all those cities filled with strangers, Grim never had to interact with people. Other than the few who lived in his monastery, there was nothing he hated more than the idea of meeting new people and having to make conversation.
Life was going well until a large monk tournament occurred which involved many monasteries from the Eastern Faerun region. Grim’s temple was of the chosen to participate. When all the members arrived, he saw more people than he had ever seen. 10s, no 100s of people! It was awful. It was overwhelming. He was inundated with acolytes and monks. Grim soon realized his greatest fear. An owlbear? Hell no. A necromancer lich? Yeah right. No, this was worse than all of those things put together. Small talk. He was forced to talk to every single person he saw, always asking the same questions, getting the same answers he didn’t care about. This was too much for him. So two days before the tournament started, he packed up his stuff and ran away.
Grim ended up living in the forest on own his for about 10 years after that. His perfect life was back to normal. He spent all his time training, contemplating life, and most importantly, being alone. But history has a nasty knack for repeating itself, and one day an injured traveller washed up on his doorstep. Grim was forced to take him in and care for his wounds, but yet again, they ended up talking about stupid things that didn’t matter. Do you care about the amount of butter Grim likes on his toast? What about the plague spreading around the land killing millions of people? Yeah, neither does Grim. So he ditched his home, and set off one last time to find a place of serenity, where he could always be alone. That is when he met our party, and his life plans once again, went to shit.