Born poor in a small village on the edge of the desert wilderness bordering the lands of Selvynia, Thrak'La was born into a life of violence. From an early age he knew little more than fighting for his life. Fighting for food, fighting off desert raids, fighting for freedom from local warlords. In his adolescence, the lust for the fight consumed him and at an early age of 11 he found himself conscripted to serve in battle under one of the local warlords, Gro'thak. Conquest in battle quickly became his drive for existing. Being on the front lines was the only place he found himself where he truly felt at home, and he felt no fear. Gro'thak saw his usefulness and his valor, and quickly he rose through the ranks until he was reaching the high command in service. He never saw a battle he could not win, his bloodlust never ending, his courage unwavering, his strategy flawless. A hero among the legion of his warlord, highly respect among his men and the few men in command above him. Gro'thak has become the most powerful warlord in the land of Selvynia and with no man willing to challenge him, peace became a lasting thing.
Longing for the fight, as it was all he knew, Thrak'La requested leave of the lord and went out to seek glory of his own. Taking with him a small unit of his most elite & fearless soldiers, he wandered the land in search of blood. His worth as an adventurer began to rival that of his as a soldier, his ranks growing with every town they passed. What started as a small band of soldiers hunting demons & creatures from beyond the worldly plains, became an army of conscripts that followed Thrak'La everywhere he traveled with unwavering loyalty. The lust for greater battles soon turned this army of adventurers from men seeking honor in combat to a roaming band of raiders who left destruction and ruin in their wake everywhere they went. Seeing this as a threat to his realm, his old sire, Gro'thak sent out his legion to quell what he interpreted as an uprising threat to his rule, leaving all but two of Thrak'La's men dead in the fields. Betrayed & confused, the loss of so many men left Thrak'La blaming himself and fell into a void of self loathing.
After years of sulking in taverns and brothels with his two remaining companions, the call for battle found itself in him again. The need for revenge found Thrak'La when an assassin of Gro'thak tracked him down to a small oasis encampment in the desert wastes and slew the younger of his two remaining companions before falling to his blade. That would be the last time, he swore to himself, that he would burn the lifeless carcass of a brother-in-arms who had fallen at the command of his former lord. So his quest to regain himself began. For revenge. For honor.