Nimbler was born 73 years ago in a small town in Cormyr, on the banks of a lake. When he was young, Nimbler dreamed of being a bold adventurer, and was an avid collector (and skilled reteller) of stories and lore.
In his teens, he was apprenticed as a tailor. Thinking he would save money until he could afford to buy some gear and find the appropriate opportunity, he ran afoul of his master when he impregnated his teenage daughter.
A 'crossbow wedding' ensued, and Nimbler ended up married to a woman he grew to dislike. He also found his profession quite boring, and would do the bare minimum after which he headed for the local inns to sing and tell stories, or even better, hear new ones. He also liked to fish.
While he disliked his shrewish wife, who never stopped complaining about his lack of ambition and shortcomings as a businessman (at least compared to his father-in-law), he loved his daughter and was a doting father.
The decades rolled by, and Nimbler grew resigned to his lot in life. Eventually, his father-in-law passed and Nimbler inherited the small but profitable tailor's shop. But he was a terrible businessman, so he has basically spent decades overseeing the slow demise of the business. As long as he was able to afford his ale, and to occasionally spoil his daugher (and later grandchildren) he was content.
A couple of years previously, a terrible plague struck Cormyr, and Nimblers family was hit particularly hard. Both grandchildren and his beloved daughter died, absolutely gutting the tailor. His wife stopped eating, and died some months later (kind of a relief for Nimbler) and he took to getting drunk, as opposed to his usual social drinking.
One rainy night, he was stumbling home in the dark when he heard a commotion in the alley beside his shop. He snuck into the front door and grabbed his heavy crossbow (Old Bess), and cautiously opened the side door. There, he saw several dead bodies and a cloaked figure bent over one of the corpses. Frightened, outraged and drunk, he lined up his crossbow and pierced the figure right through the throat.
Frightened, and realizing what he'd done, he crept out and saw that the corpse the figure had been searching looked to be that of a wizard. A leather satchel was at his belt containing 4 vials and a large tome, as well as some coins.
Afraid of retribution, either from allies of the cloaked figures or from the town guard for murder, he fled back inside and began fretting. Drunk and desperate, he took a sip from one of the vials while pondering his predicament. Instantly, he felt energized and with a spring in his step. He quaffed all 4 and was surprised to find himself appearing young and vigorous when he looked in the mirror. He immediately went out and got laid.
Returning in the morning, he realized what danger he was in. The book (hidden under his mattress) was unreadable. In the pre-dawn light, he packed up all his belongings and the strange book and headed out of town.
He traveled to Suzail where a nephew owned a fencing school, and enrolled, telling him he was a distant 2nd cousin. He has spent the last 6 months learning to fence and now feels ready to face the world and fulfill his dreams of being an adventurer.
Nimbler is fastidious about his appearance, but often dresses in clothes that were incredibly fashionable like 30 years ago. He is reckless and bold, but secretly scared that whatever strange potions he drank to restore his youth will wear off, or that allies of the mysterious alley mage will find him seeking the book or vengeance.