J'vak was born with the gift of tapping into the forces of magic at an extremely young age. He was learning to cast spells at the same time most other children were learning to speak and walk.
This gift was seen as unnatural by his parents. when agents of "the institute" came to inquire of the young boys abilities, his parents were more then willing to let them take the boy...for a few gold of course.
J'vak spent many years of his youth at the institute, mastering his gift. It was clear that he was destined to be a true waster of the craft.
Life at the institute wasn't bad, j'vak was fed and clothed. He had also met milo, another prodigy, and they had become good friends
Until milo began to question things that were happening at the institute. Why were students disappearing? At least one every couple of weeks seemed to just vanish from the institute.
This lead to milo investigating. And what he found he told to j'vak. He had discovered that the students were being taken and hooked up to some kind of contraption that would drain them of their life force, only to have their bodies disposed of
As j'vak and milo prepared to abandon the institute, j'vak was taken by men in dark robes. J'vak was taken to the chamber that milo had told him about and hooked up to the contraption.
As the machine began to drain his essence, j'vak could feel his magic leaving him. In that moment he knew he would die as they stole everything from him.
Just as his vision began to grow dark, j'vak was saved by his dear friend milo. Finally getting out of the device, the two boys attempted to flee. As they approached freedom, they were attacked by the men in robes. As the boys tried to fight back, j'vak realized that he couldn't use his magic any longer.
Milo protected the now powerless j'vak, and they managed to escape the institute walls when milo set the building on fire.
As the boys fled into the forest, j'vak had come to a horrifying realization. Milo had been struck by a dagger while protecting j'vak, and that it was only a matter of time before he would die. In his last moments, milo handed j'vak a single piece of paper with the question "who is malzahar?" Written on it. As milo took his last breaths, j'vak fled to safety.
The now powerless j'vak wandered the wilderness for days. Weak from malnourishment, j'vak too thought he would die. As he collapsed he was visited by the God boccob in a vision. Boccob told j'vak that he was more important then this and that he needed to get up and fight on.
Hanging on to life, j'vak woke from his dream. As he peered up, he was found by a large man in a suit of armor. This man's name was baxxan ironguard, a paladin of bahamut from the capitol who was there to investigate the fire
Upon hearing j'vaks story, baxxan took him to the capitol to mend to his wounds. A later investigation of the institute found no evidence of what had happened. No bodies were found, no caverns or life draining contraptions
Now with training from the Paladins order and the guidance and gifts of boccob, j'vak has recovered and is determined to answer the question left to him by his departed friend