Torvak is a dwarf from a moutainside home. His ancestors delved deep and created great works, and his contemporaries are very happy holding to that. There is a small faction that are slightly off. Well, VERY off. They are the rage filled barbarians that protect the homeland. One of the greatest of their lineage, one who always stood apart, became pregnant shortly after a raid to open trade with a bordering town. She refused to talk about the father, but carried the child to term, and named the little one Torvak. As he grew, he grew and grew. Easily a head taller than his classmates, they would jeer and sneer. As hurtful as it was, he never raged. The futher they pushed him, the more closed off he'd become, the more focused.
Passing through puberty brough all sorts of rumors about him. Most didn't want to consider him a dwarf at all until his beard began to grow in. At the first signs, he and his mother hoped that might help. It didn't. Hair grew thick and long on the sides of his face, and his moustache. True dwarven hair, thick and straight. But his chin remained bare. Not a single strand of hair, making his beard look like a set of tusks hanging from his face. And a new name to be ridiculed with.
He began spending more time away from home in the woods at the base of the mountain. He became adept at hiding and walking unseen. It didn't take long before certain animals in the forest became so used to him that they'd play with him. And it was these skills that let him find the small goblin raiding party and get away without being noticed.
He didn't make it back before the goblins began their advance. Finding one of the outer defense towers, he roused the two dwarves and called for their aid, but both were deep in their cups due to the prosperity of the city. So he grabbed their weapons and strode out to the throughway himself. The two drunkards followed the young man to the road and instantly snatched their weapons back when they saw the approaching force, and they fought clumsily through their stupor. Torvak decided that the easy decadence of his homeland didn't suit him, and his inability to rage made him a liability amongst the warriors. So he decided to test his mettle amongst the rest of the world.
And maybe someday, find his father.