Born to an Elven noble in the wooded area surrounding the castle of Miuria, Taliyana was a product of her mother's insatiable lust for the touch of Human travelers that frequented the village. Her mother had long in secret bedded many Human merchants & traveling nobles, much to the dismay of the family Matriarch. When she found herself to be with child, she quickly wed one of the her lord's high ranking advisers to conceal the true nature of her soon to be born child. So began Taliyana's life. Her true heritage hidden from the world around her, nobody knew of her impure blood as her mother had made a bargain with the Gods to gift Taliyana with the appearance of a Pureblood Elf. The only hint ever that her blood may not have been pure, was her short stature. Even so, it wasn't rare for the women of the Elves of the wood to be shorter than your average elven maiden. Her secret was safe. She enjoyed all of the luxuries of being High-Born, access to education, medicine, proper hygiene, weapons training. While the other noble children in her village were always preoccupied with education, learning the ways of medicine or politics, Taliyana was always drawn to the woods. She was a natural hunter even from the time she could barely wield a shortbow. By the time she had reached adolescence, her proficiency with all forms of bow, especially the longbow, rivaled that of even the best trained soldiers in the Lord's Army. Her mother would never allow her to enlist and serve, too busy trying to marry her off to a Prince or a Count of some other province. Eventually her mother's efforts and meddling drove Taliyana from home. Rejecting her noble birth, she wandered out to find her place in the world and eventually came to realize that her passion for the hunt had molded her into a fierce warrior and a fearless adventurer. Spending the vast majority of her time in seclusion of the dense woods, she honed her skills for both her own pride and for need to survive. After nearly a year of seclusion from the world in the wood, she stumbled across a goblin poaching party. Seeing these vile creatures desecrate her woods & slaughter animals wantonly, she determined it was time to leave the wood & serve a greater purpose. What purpose? She did not yet know.