Lennie was the sole survivor of the massacre of her entire Tiefling clan. She doesn’t know the reason for the massacre or why she alone was left alive.
She begins a hermetic life for fear of the killers returning, while cautiously investigating the identity of the perpetrators, without success. She also begins quietly amassing personal power by collecting increasingly dangerous scraps of arcana.
Her will is resolute and she sees her quest as righteous. While initially fundamentally ‘good’ in nature, she recognizes her actions are increasingly, though necessarily ‘evil’ – she perceives these actions as a requisite personal sacrifice towards a greater good. However, she does not necessarily recognize the external, human consequences of her actions.
Her path eventually leads her to the cult of Nyarlathotep, a dangerously mad but powerful outer god (Chaotic Neutral). Nyarthotep bestows her warlock powers, in return only asking that she do whatever is necessary to carry out her revenge - possibly in consternation to existing cult members (Chaotic Evil). Lennie agrees and their pact is formed. Nyarlathotep then gives her the identity of one of the attackers (character unknown). Nyarlathotep’s machinations are unknown, as well as why the old god was so seemingly, and uncharacteristically helpful.
When we meet Lennie, there is physical evidence of her pact manifesting as a transition in her extremities towards the strange and vibrant coloration of reef-dwelling predators. More physical changes manifest through her Thaumaturgy including eyes that flash an amphibious frog-like orange with curiously alien plus-shaped pupil’s, and fingers that extend into sinuous blue-ringed octopoid tentacles.
Her slowly degrading empathy is evident, and Lennie sees moment-to-moment human interactions as curious, leading to an ostensibly ‘lawful evil (toward neutral evil) character. Not willfully malicious in any sense, Lennie feels she has control over Nyarlathotep’s influence, and follows a rigorous but inscrutable code of ethics. She feels she is acting of her own free will towards a big-picture plan of her own devising. With her growing cosmic knowledge, she is beginning to see herself as an agent acting outside the constraints of society, while still using and manipulating the rules of order to her own ends. To others, there does not seem to be much, if any, moral consideration to mundane day-to-day details. She appears equally and casually brutal, kind, or even unintentionally funny, but mostly indifferent in most situations.