He was a barber in the city of Northwatch, practicing his quiet trade in his quiet quarters. He had noticed that there were more drug-addled citizens in gutters than usual, but that wasn't his business. He was a respectable man and didn't stoop to speculating on other people's activities.
However, a masked figure with bardic abilities arrived at his shop with a few followers. This figure showed Luke the nature of the drug called Heart’s Blood, or less fancifully Dregs. It was essentially the toxic byproduct of a potion-brewing process that had a hard addictive property and a physically devastating effect on its users. Enraged, Luke agreed to house the group in secret until they were able to cut off the supply of this drug.
While the group stayed above the barbershop, their leader taught Luke the beginnings of bardic magic, something for which it turns out he had a bit of talent.
Eventually, the group discovered that Cardinal Bratton, of the Church of Crown Glory, was responsible for the manufacture and distribution of Dregs in this area of the country. They proposed to make a move against him, but one of their members was caught before they could put their plan into motion.
The town guard were coming for Luke as well as the others, and the masked man said that it would not be right to abandon their host in this way. He gave Luke a scroll of Greater Invisibility to get him safely out of town, then fled himself.
Luke, though quiet, was a man of great conviction. He snuck through the streets he knew so well, then used the scroll just outside the cardinal’s estate. He used this magical concealment to get inside the cardinal’s room and bring the man to a just end: Luke’s razor. Taking the cardinal’s hat as a trophy, Luke escaped into the night and ran from the city.
Since then, Luke has kept running. He has grown a goatee and wears the former cardinal’s hat (modified quite a bit) to cover his thinning hair. He is now Lucius, a dexterous entertainer and daring strategist. He isn’t strong, but he is fast and smart and when the occasion arises brutal.