Young guy, maybe 20-22, very haughty and vain person. One of the children from a minor but up-and-coming noble house in their barony/whatever. One night while out drinking, gallivanting, and bathing in his privilege, he walks by a guy sitting at a table with a game (could be cards, dice, stuff; something with a bit of skill involved). The dude challenges the young Pomp to a few rounds, and an inebriated and cocky Pomp agrees.
Except the dude is good. Pomp loses a few hands and a bunch of gold and is getting me and more outraged. So, thinking he can outsmart the gambler, pulls some fast moves and cheats his way into a few victories, getting his money back and then some. Only the dude can tell this punk is trying to take him for a fool. He allows a few hands to go by, then abruptly stands up and flips the table, knocking Pomp over. He goes over and takes the young guy's hand, saying something to the effect of, "You've wit beyond your years don't you, boy?" Pomp feels his energy and life force draining through this guy's hand, seeing his own now withered and aged.
The gambler is gone. Pomp examines himself and he seems to have put on about 40 years - he is old, frail, and a far cry from his dashing good looks (kind of ruggedly handsome, but he can't see that). When returning home, he is denied access, as the guards will not entertain the old man's ravings claiming to be the young son of the house. He is turned away.
After a few days on the streets, Pomp decides he needs to find this swindler again and get him to reverse what he did. He must get his youth back, and soon, before his body fails him and he dies having accomplished nothing.
After a few nights of searching, Pomp finds the gambler dude again. He's amused to see the now old man. Pomp discovers that he'd gone and pissed off a devil, who took his youth as punishment for his hubris. The devil offers Pomp a bargain - if the old man will act as his agent, he can earn back his youth, year by year. He figures here he has a motivated person who will act in his interest, because the guy's on a ticking clock already and has nowhere to turn.