comes from the Frozen North where his chromatic Dragonborn clan roam. They are nomads with a thirst for adventure, music and grand tales. Unlike other chromatics, who tend to follow Tiamat and lean towards evil, Clan Korinth worships Bahamut and will attempt to thwart any of Tiamats plans, even if it means giving their own life. When not thwarting Tiamat, Clan Korinth tends keep to themselves, only going to dwarven, human and sometimes goliath settlements for trade. They do so, not out of mistrust for other races, but because they understand that not everyone is accepting of Chromatic Dragonborn.
The reason for their worship of Bahamut and fighting against their own nature is due to the fact that in an age long past, when Tiamat last ruled the dragons, Clan Korinth was enslaved by her and her horde of dragons. The legend goes that it was by the grace of Bahamut that they were set free.
Now Moxt is the first born son of one of the 6 elders of the clan, however this did not impact how others saw him, for a title and lineage does not hold much weight among his clan. In fact, due to his stunted stature (hes is only 5' 10"), most wrote him off as too weak and two little to be trained in the art of war and combat.
When he was about 5 years old, his clan discovered a wounded Goliath, by the name of Roq Bonecleaver, lying face down in the snow while out hunting for food. He was brought back to their camp and was brought back to full health. Roq was so greatful that he pledged his life to serve the Clan, and now bears the mark of Bahamut on his chest. Most notably, he pledged his service to the Red Dragonborn who saved his life, Draaxis, Moxt's father.
When Moxt was 6, some of the older Dragonborns younglings started to pick on Moxt and beat him. Roq, seeing this chased them away, and took his foster brother away from the camp. There, he began to teach Moxt how to defend himself and to channel the rage deep inside him as the Goliaths do, and even taught him how to seek guidance from the spirit of the wolf. They trained in secret for 6 years until they were discovered.
When news reached the elders of Roq's "betrayal", he was brought to trial in front of the entire clan. Moxt, seeing this as a farce, named himself champion for Roq, trying to prove that even the smallest amongst them could become powerful. The elders agreed to this and pit Moxt against Nadarr, the clan's most powerful warrior. The fight was over in mere seconds as Moxt channeled his rage, howling like a wolf, and bringing Nadarr to his knees. Instead of killing Nadarr, Moxt showed mercy, saying "Only the strongest show mercy." He was 12 at the time.
As the years past, Moxt grew even more powerful, and on the eve of his 14th birthday, he lead a group of warriors against a pack of dire wolves whom had been harrassing a nearby human village. He and his men slaughtered the dire wolves in their den, down to the last pup, and he himself was given the honor of slaying the Alpha. They brought back the meat and the pelts of the wolves, giving them to the villagers. The pelt of the Alpha, however, was gifted to Moxt who wears it across his shoulders.
When he came of age at 15, he was given a greataxe by his father and sent off into the world for 10 years, as is the rite of passage for Clan Korinth. Two years have last since then.