Vincent Caol, the youngest of five human children, had to scrounge for food and clothes just to survive. He was a frail young man, and the smallest of his family. He was always pushed around and it pushed him to try and enlist in the military or the guard. Unfortunately, due to his lack of muscles and strength, he was sent away. A drunken mercenary overheard him lamenting about his troubles and decided it would be worth a laugh to try and see if he could survive even a week. He took him on and, to make it seem like it wasn’t a joke, informed his fellows to seem like they were going to train him. They "taught" him how to use a great sword and heavy armor, much to their great delight. After a few hilarious weeks, they started to grow tired of his fumbles and stopped humoring him. The leader of the mercs had recently heard of a great treasure, but it was trapped with a devastating curse. He finally saw use for the young scrawny man. They tracked the treasure and fought their way through the abandoned island to a dark cavern. They sent in Vincent to retrieve the treasure, certainly dooming him. However, instead of finding dangers, Vincent was able to walk down the cavern with his unearned confidence. Finding an old broken door, he entered a dimly lit room, a small hole in the ceiling allowing light to flow through. In the center of the room was a solid sapphire mask, in the shape of a dragon. Vincent, wanting to be the first to do something for once, took the mask and slid it over his face. It was at that moment that Vincent ceased to exist as he was. Memories and information burned into his mind, his bones cracked and his skin tore. His head conformed to the shape of the mask. The pain was so intense that he was unable to even scream. Seconds melted into minutes and after what felt like an eternity, the monstrosity stood. He grabbed the great sword Vincent struggled to carry and easily hefted it in one hand. With a smile and a hunger that had not been sated for centuries, Skorn walked towards the smell of human flesh, chuckling as he twirled the sword.