Tarmasis, didn't know his parents, he was abandoned at birth, thrown in to the Underchasm. Somehow he survived the perilous terrain with no memories before the age of six, when he left his unforgiving nightmare of a dark and twisted home.

From what he can recall, his childhood was spent secluded in the plaguelands, hiding from hideous mutated creatures and forgotten pilgrims, occasionally finding the comfort of food and drink in the small city of Ormpetarr.

The years melted away as they grew in power with his dedication to survive the horrid lands; all that were familiar to him. This natural tenant to explore places unfit for most people, lead him deep in to a soft glowing cave of blue light. Before him, illuminated by cerulean glow, yet hidden in shadow, an entity of unimaginable horror. Paralyzed by fear, he stared down the demon, the unknown depths of his mind tapping in to insanity with every lingering second...until darkness.

Tarmasis opened his eyes. Thundering flames soured past his vision, malevolent winged beings flocked over sharp red peaks on the horizon. He saw a landscape before him, as though he was flying. His vision near-impossible to focus on as his senses overcame with the horrid form of shrieking babble in his ears, impossible to comprehend. Deeper within the screams the sound of heavy chains chuckled like a torrent of rain upon his skull.

What felt like mere moments passed as he awoke once again in the cave, still touched upon by blue light, yet no sign of the demon. Only cold lonely stone walls remained. His head pounding with memories of his recent travels beyond. He held thoughts that were not his own, memories of countless lifetimes, thousands of voices from the past, now living inside of him. His eyes now shone a blue flame with a freshly cut spiraled scar upon his forehead.

Many years passed, with greater understanding of his visions. The ramblings clearer in translation, commanding him to retrieve lost relics and shrines to the Chained God, in aim to free him from his shackles.

Tarmasis can now be found lurking the most forgotten temples with his ever growing disciples, in aim to tear the very threads of existence asunder.