In his earlier years of life, Taonos was infatuated by the idea of becoming a powerful wizard. His life in the city was fairly easy-going, although not luxurious. His father, Albin Greywind, ran a moderately successful carpentry business in the city. Taonos and his younger brother Corthas always got along, running around the city with their other friends, enjoying life. At the age of 16, Taonos was accepted into the college of magic in the city where he lived. The Arch Mage of the college, Grenendale, took a personal interest in him, believing him to be able to become his successor one day.

After about half a decade of learning the basics of wizardry and magic, Grenendale invited Taonos along on an expedition into an ancient temple that had recently been uncovered. The architecture of the temple was unique and who made it was unknown, but Grenendale had been doing research on an ancient civilization that he suspected once ruled in this region. The expedition revealed little about the ancient civilization, aside from an ancient tome bearing a mark that resembles a bone like claw with three talons. Grenendale was secretive about the book, revealing almost no information about it to Taonos. For many more years, Taonos continued to learn under his master, becoming more and more proficient in the ways of magic. But, as the years passed, Grenendale became erratic and started to descend into madness.

One day, Taonos entered his master's office to check in on him, but found him hunched over the book with a crazed look on his face. Taonos tried to help his master, but Grenendale attacked him. After a short fight, Taonos had no choice but to vitally injure his master. As Grenendale was nearing death, he had a moment of clarity, grabbing Taonos and speaking only two words, "stop him". He then handed Taonos the tome and died. Taonos ran from the city, afraid that he was to be blamed for his master's murder. Taonos now travels the land, searching for answers about what happened to his master.

The book that Taonos bears calls to him in his mind, urging him to open it. Taonos has resisted thus far, but curiosity is starting to get the better of him