Found as a newborn near the foot of the nearby mountains by the human inhabitants of Hawk's Reach village (named for the red-wing hawks found in abundance in the surrounding area), Kriv grew up not knowing his family or his people. Due to the secluded locale of Hawk's Reach, Kriv is the lone Dragonborn anyone had seen in the area for decades. Nevertheless, the villagers decided to help him, and he was adopted and raised by the kindly schoolmaster Tav Windson and his wife Kera, even taking Tav's family name.

Owing his life to those who saved him, Kriv did everything he could to help out the village. From doing simple repairs to using his size and strength to protect against bandit raids, he became something of a jack-of-all-trades, and was well-liked in the community. Due to his upbringing with the schoolmaster, Kriv became well-educated, with an insatiable curiosity for the world around him and a love of exploration. Being so different from the other inhabitants, he also developed deep empathy for the outcast and downtrodden. Generally good-natured, with an endearing affability, he sometimes felt an overpowering loneliness, often roaming the countryside surrounding the village for hours, pondering his solitude among humans.

Kriv's innate magical abilities developed at an early age, and Tav encouraged their growth, as a way for Kriv to feel connected to his heritage. Aware how dangerous untrained magic can be, when Kriv was 5, Tav took him to meet the wizard Cailan Frostraven, who lives alone in a tower in the nearby mountains. Cailan, an eccentric hermit who cares more for his tomes than people, was nevertheless intrigued by the young Dragonborn, and agreed to mentor him, teaching him a handful of useful spells. Cailan believes that Kriv's abilities are tied to a medallion found with him as a baby, a crystal star embedded in a silver disc, with strange runes around the edge. In addition to helping hone his magical abilities, Cailan helped Kriv learn more about the Dragonborn race, though he doesn't have the foggiest notion how Kriv came to Hawk's Reach.

As he grew older, Kriv's desire to see the world and seek out his people became overwhelming. When he turned 16, he decided once and for all to leave Hawk's Edge and strike out on his own. The villagers were sad to see him leave, but understood his need to find his family.

Now 26, Kriv has spent the last ten years traveling the world. He tries to help those in need, and deals sternly (but fairly) with those who would harm others. He is not overly fond of physical combat, being more scrappy than skilled, and instead relies on his intelligence and magical abilities. He often prefers his solitude, especially during those bouts of loneliness that have followed him since he was a child, and he has never really felt at home anywhere. Preferring the open country to crowded cities, he is nevertheless adaptable to what is required in a given situation. 

Kriv has encountered other Dragonborn, who pityingly call him "Clanless Kriv" due to his upbringing among humans. He has inquired about his past every chance he gets, but none of the Dragonborn he has met have recognized the medallion he carries. Still, he doesn't obsess over the mystery, believing fate will unfold as it will, and he never loses hope that he will one day find the answers he seeks. Instead, a curiosity of the world and a desire to learn drives him forward.