Born as HooRuk Baustorm to a Warchief's Son and Barbarian Human Mother. For two years after his birth he was a part of his father's tribe, and along with his mother were the few non-pure blood orcs of the tribe. The Warchief thought all should be welcomed in the tribe but the Elders thought differently. The Elders, believing in the "pure" tribe made moves to eliminate all traces of non-orcs and the weak blood sympathetic to them. The family was betrayed by their own tribe. HooRuk's Grandfather was murdered in his sleep, and his Mother lashed out the betrayers protecting, his Father the boy's escape. His father mortally wounded in the attack while shielding him from an onslaught of arrows, managed to get HooRuk out to sea before dying on the shore. Orphaned and adrift the boy was discovered by an old naval captain turned fisherman, his wife, and their son. HooRuk was raised by the old couple in their small town and given the name "Killian". Killian as he grew older excelled at the old man's trade and had a penchant for spear fishing. After the passing of his adopted parents, Killian began expanding the fisherman's trade while his adopted brother, Liam, went off to pursue a naval career. Killian worked the trade and after many attempts to expand his business, he ultimately abandoned that path. 

Determined to make a name and get away from the land that took so much from him he found his way to the sea. For years Killian worked from one ship to another eventually falling in with a few Elvish pirates. Earning a reputation of being fierce combatant with outlandish tactics. Killian eventually obtained his own crew and ship, called the "Merry Hound". 

For 5 years, Captain Killian and his crew pillaged and plundered only from the those with plenty to spare. He targeted specific ships and raided many unorthodox targets for books and other bits of knowledge. Becoming known as the Literary Pirate.

 
While still brutal in his tactics never one to back away from plundering rival pirates that attacked those less fortunate. These behavior's eventually drew the ire of his first mate,
Eldon Smeed. Betraying the Captain and slaughtering a portion of his crew. Smeed was fought off and abandoned on a deserted island. The surviving crew sailed on. One day after an larger than usual score, Killian acquired some unique information with regards to his past. So after a few weeks of preparation he gathered his crew and paid them a years wage each, and gave them their leave. The Merry Hound was ported, and abandoned said for two paid protectors. Bidding farewell Killian to his beloved ship, he moves onward attempting to find more of his past and to the next great story.