Inez Inri was born in a small town called Middlesborough and lived there with her parents, Jon and Gloria. She was the oldest, of 4 and looked after her little brothers and sisters. Her family, however, didn’t have a lot of money, so when she was 10, her father left to get a job. Coin was sent via mail once every once in a while, until one day it stopped. Inez knew that she had to do something, and when a local theatre group came to town, she knew she had to join. She knew good entertainers got a lot of money, and it was the only job she figured she wouldn't be that bad at.

She practically begged the group to let her join until finally, an elf named Bryna took pity on the young Aasimar and let her join. Bryna was like the big sister that she never had. She taught her everything she knew. Once she joined the theatre company, they put her to work immediately. Inez learned how to clean costumes, fix harps, and copy scripts. After a while, they decided to let her be apart of the shows. Inez immediately fell in love with entertaining. She loved making people laugh or cry with her acting or storytelling. The aaimar loved her new group of friends and players. Not only could she send money to her mother and siblings every other week, but it was so exciting.

She loved being able to travel with her new family from town to town. She loved sleeping small inn rooms, sleeping on the ground in a big bundle with everyone. Nearly every night they would put on costumes and make-up and performed. Even on nights where they did a bad job, they would all laugh at themselves, walking to the nearest bar to get food and drink before quickly going to the next town over. Inez adored the company, they had inside jokes from play-lines, gossip and had each other's back no matter what. If one player was being attacked or picked on by someone outside their little group, they were quick to defend. Inez found great comfort in this and stuck around for years.

The company taught her all different kinds of plays, songs, and stories. One of the company members, a Tiefling named Erthos helped her learn how to play the flute and other instruments. He took it upon himself to teach her how to properly read sheet music and was also her vocal coach for singing. Sooner or later she started to play music for some of the plays the others did as well. Bryna would also pull her aside as well to teach her some magic as well. Slowly, but surely, Inez was becoming a Bard with a lot of potential.

She still continues to travel with her theatre party, she tries to visit her mother and siblings as much as she can. One day she hopes to be a good enough Bard and go to the College of Lore. However, recently she was separated from her theatre company when a fight broke out at a theatre. Now she mostly roams around, playing her instrument and singing for money. Sometimes she’ll do odd jobs as well. Inez hasn’t given up completely and still looks for her group.