High magic encounters have side effects. The often-unpredictable consequences of higher-level spells like Wish can cause random shifts of things from one plane to another. Shifted as a baby, he was found by a family in the wastes left by a roving band of adventurers. They took him in and raised him, only to abandon him two years later at the very same site where they found him, leaving him with his first long term memory, that of his “parents” walking away from him as he cried. A group took him in just long enough to name him, but he found himself on his own once again within a year. He wandered into a nearby town, where family after family begrudgingly took him in for a time, only to eventually force him out again. A family finally took pity on the lonely 10-year old and took him in. He lived with them happily for nearly a year, before tragedy struck. He awoke late one night to find the entire town aflame. He tried to pull his family from their burning home, but only found their mangled bodies, crushed by burning wreckage as the home fell apart around them. Running outside, he saw survivors, trying to pull their own families out of their homes, get cut down by arrows. Makarth hid in the burning building, emerging the next day to find the ashes of the town. He fled the ruins of that town, and was taken in by several families, who once again, simply took him in out of guilt, or occasionally less benign motives, he bounced around through so many groups and families even he lost count. The memory of the one family who truly treated him as one of their own haunted him the whole time, and he never connected with even those families who attempted to treat him as a family member Somewhere along the line, he was taken in by a group of weaponsmiths, who promptly kicked him out when they realized that his rather slim build was not growing any, and deemed him useless. He did, however, learn many things about the building process of many weapons, and put this to work when, at the age of 15, he gave up on trying to find a home, and began to venture on his own. At the age of 18, he constructed his first pistol, a shoddy, poorly built weapon that exploded the third time he tried to fire it.  Over the years, his technique improved, and he managed to build a pistol that rarely misfired, and another weapon, a scattergun, which was less reliable, but far more effective. His distaste for the other creatures of this plane has not diminished significantly, and he prefers to travel alone, though he’s willing to work with others when he thinks it will benefit him. He refuses to let anyone else touch his firearms, even those very few he has become friendly with, out of concern, either for his weapons’ safety or for their wielder’s. He has long since given up any hope that he might find a family, and isn’t sure he wants one, as the only true family he’s ever known met their bitter end despite his best efforts. He’s just looking to survive on this plane, and if he has to kill a few people to do it, well, that’s just fine by him.