As a young dwarf I was taken raised and taught as an apprentice to be a stonemason by the Stonemasons Guild of Balduk. After many years as an apprentice to a Dwarf named Kardurk i was accepted as a full member and trusted brother of the Guild. My skills as a stonemason grew ever more impressive and as i progressed through the tiers of the brotherhood, so did my ambition, i longed for recognition outside the guild and after a time my work was coveted across Balduk selling for some very eye watering prices. I sculpted increasingly more ambitious and technical work, with inlays of Gold and Mithril i carved artisan level pieces for people of important standing across the Hold until one final piece earned me the title of Stoneweaver from the Guild, my finest hour. My work stagnated after this and my artistic rivals began to undermine my position within the guild. Believing me unworthy of the title Stoneweaver my old master Kardurk jealously turned members of the guild against me, having them discredit my work and integrity among my brothers, it would seem I had made some enemies.

After a harvest feast in the great hall one autumn the work of the Guild was celebrated and debated until, after many drinks, a fight broke out. Provoked and defending my honor i mistakenly drew blood in the place of our fathers cutting Kardurk in my rage. Afterwards the guild quickly assigned me to new tasks. In my 80's i was "volunteered" to work among guild outcasts repairing Balduks aging fortifications, entryways and roads. By Kardurk's machinations I had been sent as punishment to become the guilds defensive work-master, i would traverse the very peaks we lived underneath to repair aging stonework and rebuild old defensive towers.

During my tenure as the work-master i was taught to be a very proficient Ranger by the scouts of our hold for without these skills I would have never survived the bitter wilderness of the peaks during winter. I slowly became an exceptional hunter and tracker of our enemies, clearing camps of goblins from the foundations of towers was a prerequisite for beginning some repairs. But my hands longed to work stone into art, the repair jobs became tedious to me, so I began work moving equipment and resources from the guild to create my own pieces, i was convinced the guild would pull me from "exile" if i submitted a masterpiece. Kardurk however eventually caught wind of me working on private projects and sent dwarves to silence me and my work forever, they chased me from the mountains.

Kardurk my one time master turned guild rival is now my bitter enemy for it is his fault i must forever run from my own kind, his fault i can no longer fulfill my passion and work the stone of our ancestors. The guild still accepts me as a member, for it cannot renounce me until I am either deceased or brought to trial for my so called transgressions, I at least have some brothers among the council who see Kardurk for what he is, but all manner of folk hunt me for the bounty he has placed on my head, he wants me dead for I am the only dwarf who works stone better than he and whilst I live he will always be my second. For now I must leave my home in self exile, I will go in search of the worlds great works of stone and study other cultures and techniques so I can make mine better all the while preparing for my revenge.