The Falhorns were a noble family of Elvish lords with landholdings in the forest near a small village. When orcs attacked the town, their Elvish neighbors came to their aid, but were too late to save most of the townspeople. Those who survived had lost their homes and everything they owned, so the once-indifferent Elvish patriarch benevolently offered a place in his home for them. The elves employed many of the humans as servants in their homes, and treated them quite well. In time, the eldest son of the Elvish lord became enamored with his human servant. As the lord had decreed that no romantic relations between elf and man would be tolerated in his realm, the son's relationship with his servant would be kindled in secret. Eventually, the woman became pregnant with a half-elf bastard child, whom she would name Elben. He would be given his mother's surname, as she would never disclose the identity of the elven father, lest the patriarch bring judgement upon her beloved. Even so, the Elvish lord commanded that she would no longer be employed in his home, and that she must take her son with her to work elsewhere in their community. Like many of mixed heritage, Elben was shunned by his Elvish relatives. He was bullied and picked on for much of his childhood, and spent much of his time tending to livestock in the stables and fields. At the age of thirteen, Elben's mother became ill with an unknown malady, and eventually passed away. By this time, the Elvish lord had heard many rumors of Elben's lineage, and rather than keep the boy as a reminder of his own son's disobedience, the Elvish lord saw fit to send Elben to serve in the army of a nearby human king. The Elf lord had his scribe pen a letter to the General of the Kingsguard stating Elben's predicament, and requesting that he be put into the service of the king. General Dhaka of the King's Army, Leader of His Majesty's Royal Guard, was a kindly, grayheaded man of seventy-eight years. He had served in the royal army for nearly all of his life, rising to the highest rank from his beginnings in the infantry. As such, he was well-renowned throughout the realm for his bravery and dedication to the Crown. Upon receiving the Elvish lord's letter, Gen. Dhaka asked that the half-elf youth be brought immediately to his chambers. He questioned Elben at length about his home, his mother, and his upbringing in a way that must have seemed rather odd to a bastard child that had been overlooked for much of his life. On that same day, Dhaka swore Elben into the service of the King. At first, the General would keep the half-elf boy as his personal servant. Elben was tall and strong compared to full-blooded humans his same age, and became a great asset to Dhaka in his advanced age, carrying his weapons and armor, and when needed, helping the old knight to scale the hundreds of steps that led to up the tower to his chambers. General Dhaka favored the boy so much that he afforded him every opportunity to learn at his side, whether during audiences with the king or at strategic military meetings. Over two years passed for Elben in the personal service of the General, and he was finally old enough to officially enter the royal army. On the morning that the half-elf was to become a soldier instead of a servant, Dhaka called him into his chambers. The old man proceeded to thank Elben for his years of unquestionable loyalty, and stated that he had been keeping a secret since the day he had received Elben into his home. The boy looked at him confusedly as the General informed him that he had been born in the same village as Elben's mother before he moved to the capital to join the Kings' Army. In fact, Dhaka said, he guessed that Elben might be his great nephew by marriage. This hypothesis would be nearly impossible to prove as their village records had been destroyed along with the rest of the town; but this did not matter to Dhaka. From that day forward (and many days before), the General would think of Elben as his nephew, and treated him as such. At sixteen years of age, Elben Falhorn-Dhaka joined the Royal Infantry. In very little time, he became a skilled and shrewd fighter, in part due to years of bearing the brunt of Elvish beatings. Serving under his great-uncle had made him a quick study of tactics and formations, and his experience in the stables of the Elvish lord helped him to become one of the best mounted soldier-trainees. It wasn't long before Elben was promoted, and then promoted again, eventually becoming captain over his own unit. He was well loved by his fellow soldiers, but looked upon derisively by those in command, who feared that one day he would rise to take over the Generalship as his uncle had. During Elben's service the kingdom was blessed with several years of peace. Much of his time was spent training with his fellow soldiers and studying combat arts and theories of war under his uncle. The General's advisers took notice of the special attention he appeared to be receiving, and began to plot against him, often sending Elben's unit to deal with undesirable tasks, such as providing relief to flood victims, tracking goblin raiders, or rebuilding outdated outposts. Captain Falhorn was unfazed, however, and became skilled in maintaining the morale of his men. He could always be found working side-by-side with his soldiers, without complaint. During a peasant uprising in the farther reaches of the kingdom, Elben's unit was called upon to return order to the area. Martial law was imposed in the region, and while his soldiers began the occupation of several communities, Elben called a meeting with the leaders of the rebellion. In doing so, he discovered that the Lt. Generals had been using their rank to unlawfully tax and abuse the commonfolk under their protection. Upon his return to the capital, Elben confronted his superior officers regarding their misuse of power, and wound up in the infirmary after they overpowered him and beat him mercilessly. While recovering from his wounds, the group of Lt. Generals sent a representative to his bedside, informing him that his aging great-uncle, the General of the King's army, would be assassinated if Elben tried to expose their machinations. Rather than serving under a corrupt regime, Elben fled from infirmary barracks under the cover of night, while still recovering from his injuries. He knew that his comrades would know him as a traitor to the crown and an oathbreaker, but would not put his beloved Uncle Dhaka in danger. Elben swore that one day he would return to the capital to bring justice to the Guard officers. Pursued by the Guard, Elben would flee to a neighboring country, taking refuge in a temple. The priests provided him sanctuary and healed his wounds, and Elben found himself drawn to the priestly life. He devoured holy writings zealously, applying the devotion he once held for justice and combat to the study of religion and morality. The priests were glad to offer all of the instruction he could retain, and in-turn, asked that he use his knowledge of combat to protect the nearby hamlet from predators. After a year and a half, the Lt. Generals' spies finally located Elben, and a Kingsguard squadron was sent to collect him for court martial. When they arrived, Elben was assisting the townsfolk by hunting down a rabid wolf that had been terrorizing their flocks. The Kingsguard questioned the temple priests, who refused to provide any information regarding Elben's whereabouts. The temple was desecrated, and all the priests slaughtered for their silence. The soldiers plundered the larder and cellar before riding on to the village to continue their search. Once again, the Kingsguard left no survivors. Seeing the smoke rising from the village from several miles away, returned home to find the soldiers drinking sacramental wine and wiping the villagers' blood from their weapons. His battle instincts immediately returned to him as he breathlessly spoke a prayer to the temple god and unsheathed his sword. Elben's blade sliced through his former compatriots with ease until the entire squadron lay at his feet. His adopted home destroyed and the temple brethren slain, Elben retrieved a single scorched holy book from the remains of the chapel, gathered his belongings, and mounted his horse, riding southward into the woods. Elben spent the next two years in solitude, only venturing into society when absolutely necessary, and always under cover of night. He pored over the religious text and kept his sword sharp and armor polished, while training incessantly for the impending justice he would bring upon the Kingsguard officers.