Jarvull Torinn grew up on the stories of his tribe being part of an even greater tribe. Stories of a time when all the Dragonborn from the North were one nation and were honored allies with the Kingdom of the Dragon. It was a time when his family had members who were elders of the tribe and they were respected by everyone.

Then came the war and the dishonor to his family. A tale of betrayal that brought great dishonor and drove them into exile to the Southern Wastes. The stories tell of a great ancestor who was an ambassador to the Kingdom of the Dragon that was brought up on charges of treason against the kingdom and had been executed for that crime.

The stories of this distant grandfather though designed to remind members of the new tribe the dangers of betrayal and why they were no longer trusted by other Dragonborn, never sat well with Jarvull. The man in the tale never seemed to fit the crime, as the saying goes, and it always disturbed the young Dragonborn as he grew up. It did not help as well that Jarvull had often been compared appearance wise to this distant ancestor as he too was smaller then your average Dragonborn and had a tail. For this reason Jarvull would often spend time alone out away from the tribe and was given the nickname of Kobold as an insult by many of the meaner children he grew up with.

Now at the age of 16, an age that he is no longer a child, Jarvull had grown restless. He had explored much of the area around where his tribe lived and often would venture to a local fishing village to swap stories and goods with the local fisherman. It was during one such visit that he met an old Elf in the local inn that was just passing through. The Elf had mistook him for the ancestor from the stories, Garen Torinn. Jarvull though was very reluctant to believe that old Elf that he knew Garen. Sensing his reluctance the Elf presented an old carved flute that matched one talked about in the stories that Garen was often told to have played. The old Elf let him take the flute as a gift and a means to find the truth as he was now to old to pursue what really happened and expose the truth to the world.

Still not believing the Elf, but needing more proof Jarvull took the flute to the eldest member of the tribe, an oracle woman. Though the oracle could not gleam much from the flute she did acknowledge it was Garen's and it would be Jarvull to find the truth of what happened to Garen, be it for ill or good. With that knowledge tugging on Jarvull's mind, he gathered his things and set off to to the Sharktooth Isle in order to find the truth of what happened to Garen Torinn.