An unconventional orc male (known only as "Lughazak" to Durk) and a free-spirited Tethyrian human female ("Jazmin Emberwood") fell in love and kept it secret. Lughazak's tribe planned a raid on Jazmin's village, but Lug managed to turn their gaze on a neighboring town instead. The tribe laid waste to that town, and moved on, and Lughazak was never heard from again.

Durkhazak was born to Jazmin about eight months later. She used to tell him stories of his father (though she herself knew little of him). While she meant to inspire Durk, the stories only made him more angry that his father had left. His skin had always been a grayish-green color, but between the ages of eight and ten his orcishness really started to show. His heavy underbite, coupled with the complexion and slightly pointed ears, was a dead give away.

Durk's mother Jaz fell sick when he was ten, so he started doing odd jobs around the village for coin to provide for the two of them. He ran messages between nearby villages, always careful to keep his pronounced lower jaw covered by a scarf for fear of orc-racism. He also began chopping firewood to sell, and hunted small animals for food. He got to know the woods really well.

Not many in the village would help his mother in their need, because they feared Durk the half-orc. Most called him a mongrel behind his back--and some to his face. When his mother's sickness grew worse, the village doctor did what he could, but there were others sick as well. Jazmin died when he was fifteen. Durk left the village almost immediately. After all, he'd been unwelcome from the start. 

Durk keeps his lower jaw hidden behind a thick crimson scarf. The rest of his face is shaded by the hood of his cloak. He's fended for himself for five years now, wandering from town to town, carving out a life as a mercenary-for-hire. Lately, he's been tracking orc tribes. 

Six months ago, he met a silver dragonborn named Saurien Vathtikir. The two have been traveling together doing mercenary work since then. Durk has picked up conversational Draconic from traveling with her.