Szin’kalan Rilynval was born in Ched Nasad in 1367 to a minor family. When the Central Pillars were destroyed in 1374, he was relocated along with some of the sons of House Auvryndar to some abandoned caverns controlled by the main House. Szin’kalan lived in several locations in the underdark before he and others were captured in 1398.  This captivity saw him sold into slavery for several years.  He was relieved to be set free when the house that owned his collar was taken over and he was recognized by a friendly family and returned to his Rilynval family for a ransom.  It was during this time that he learned to fear the female priests of Lolth and to have a deep abiding abhorrence of slavery. 

He began training with weapons soon after and in a surface raid in 1468, Szin’kalan boarded his first pirate ship. The freedom under the night skies and the stars entranced him. A few years later he would join the crew of the Drow Captain, Val'eyl Auvryndar and would take up the revised name Shynt’eyl Mourndax. The night seas belonged to the Drow pirates on the black ship “Mask’s Revenge."  In time, with prosperity, the fleet of ships increased and Val'eyl moved back to land and started a "business" where the pirate goods could be filtered back into the cities more easily, and also as a front for Drow activities.  Staying with the bloodthirsty Captain appointed to the "Mask's Revenge", Vicas'rak, a younger relative of Val'eyl Auvryndar, Szin’kalan would do his best to be loyal, but began to see that slavery had crept into the operation. 

In late 1485, the "Revenge" was set upon by authorities patrolling the Sword Coast.  As they were fleeing the authorities, the fast ship seemed to be gaining ground and pulling away as the sun began to set.  The night was tense, but exhilarating until they heard the flapping of wings and the fire that rained down from the sky.  What horrible luck to fall into the clutches of a dragon.  Szin’kalan abandoned the defense of the ship when most of the deck and timbers were burning and ran into the hold below.  He freed as many of the slaves they carried from their shackles as he could before the heat grew too hot.  They jumped into the ocean and tried to get away from the disaster.  The ship and most of the crew were sunk in flames.  Szin’kalan was lucky to have escaped in the darkness with his life, along with a couple of slaves he freed during the fight. 

Washing ashore, he left the pirates life behind and taking the few coins he had on him began to work odd jobs for those that needed jobs done.  He learned a lot of hard lessons in those first few months ashore, coinless and unskilled. He never thought he would be in a state where helping out half-orcs and humans with menial tasks would be necessary to bring in enough coins to cover living expenses.  In time he persisted and grew to understand the ways of the working man.  With careful thrift and an eye to a rung higher up the ladder he was able to save up enough to afford his leather armor and a longbow that he began to practice with.  To his surprise he found that he was better than he previously expected with ranged weapons and that the speed and agility he gained on the rigging of the pirate ships served him well.  He began to pick up caravan guard jobs and travel the western edges of the Sword Coast where his diligence as a night guard garnered him a reputation.  Sometimes on the city streets and out in the forest he would miss the stars he saw when sailing, but his changed perspective on slavery makes him feel lighter of spirit, even at the cost of gold coins in his purse. 

Working under the stars is still preferable to the preternatural stillness of the Underdark.  Someday he'll find a way to gain a name for himself so that he no longer has to work for others.  Meanwhile he'll do all he can to find out what can be learned about Dragons and how to defeat them so that he can conquer this fear that startles him from his meditative trance so frequently.  As a guard, he simply goes by Zhen and avoids discussion of family interactions.