Behind him the land dropped hundreds of feet into the ocean. He wandered forward into the city, along spires bridging our world to the stars. He walked below and above intricate webs of lattice. Bridges weaved through the lattice, between the spires - interconnecting these monoliths in clusters of marble and ivory. Dragging his fingertips along the reliefs as he followed the path laid forth, he could feel the atrophy of this world - not only in its physicality, but in its history. This city labored to stand and his presence was its last breath. Among these towers there was no life. No man, nor beast, nor overgrowth. He was all that was and all that would be for as long as this city stood; for however much longer it could stand. He brought his gaze from the small processions of stone people to the sky, allowing the stars to burn into his mind.
He fell back into the nothingness and his eyes rolled into place. He listened as the waves and wood met in large acoustic booms. Across wood rot and bilge water, he stumbled forward and up the stairs, emerging from the drum to a crew hard at work. Matco was at the helm, bringing their ship into her port of call. DeWalt had attempted to illustrate the city’s silent beauty to Matco, but his ramblings were dismissed. For three nights Lucienne slept and he visited his alien city, venturing deeper and deeper toward what he believed to be its heart - each morning he woke to map a portion of the sky. Perhaps, he thought, he could navigate to this place and learn of its untold wonders. Perhaps he could find this city's heart, which seemed unattainable in his dreams.
His crew would follow him to the ends of the earth for promise of a bit of gold; however, Matco wasn't so naive. On the third day he set sail - the Lucienne short one pair of hands. Their wares grew thin and their captain ceased to emerge from his quarters, leaving instruction only to follow the stars displayed on his map. Weeks passed and the crew thinned as did their confidence in their captain. Unrest was birthed among the crew as they fell into stranger tides. The stars fell in positions they had never before seen. From their unrest spawned spite.
He once again found himself within the bones of his lifeless city. With each of its breaths, the lattice crumbled. Fear gripped him for he felt that the one source of life that remained within the city was fading. It would be lost before he could find it. The stars themselves betrayed the motley collection of towers for which they once swore kinship, disappearing and reappearing, shifting among themselves.
He opened his eyes to his abortion by The Lucienne and her crew. Left inside a rowboat with a box of rations and a sextant, he continued his voyage. As supplies ran low, he labored to dream. His heart ached to once again return to the city among the stars, but his body and mind slowly and reluctantly began to favor survival. He once again dreamed things which a man might dream, never returning to the city.
Boat and body withered, he set down on a large archipelago where he survived first by scavenging, and then with the way of the hunt. It was long after that a ship caught sight of the camp he had set. For a brief moment he mistook the ship's presence for rescue. It was not until he was shackled and put to work, stumbling again in bilge water that he realized the actuality of the situation.