Son of Burog Humanslayer (a full orc) and Sabrina Milbourne (A half orc taken captive), Garrok was born and raised as a orc in the wilds. He was always a little different than his peers: A bit more pale, rounder ears, more wit and understanding of the world around him, as well as this pesky thing called "morality". Garrok always had an issue killing creatures, but justified it as the circle of life, creatures giving their lives so that his tribe could provide for themselves. Once he became of age, around 12 years old, he was sent to his rite of passage: The Pit. His tribe had a long standing tradition of all young adults descending into "The Pit" (a hole in the ground the orcs used as a prison) and murdering a captive human by hand, choking the life out of them and getting a taste for blood. He was sent into the pit on a dark night in the middle of a thunderstorm with one of his peers, his best friend from childhood, to kill two young human women. Once he descended into the pit, he saw the fear in their eyes, and saw a bit of his own humanity staring back at him. He could not do it, kill an innocent in cold blood. He turned on his best friend, intending only to knock him down, but struck his head on a rock, killing him instantly. His tribe turned on him, and he fought for his life in that pit, orcs descending from above, attacking with all they had. He killed every last one of his fellow warriors, becoming severely wounded in the process. He had enough life left in him to escape, and escape he did. He ran long and hard through the rain, with no destination or plan, hoping to get away and survive. He eventually passed out from blood loss, and was found by the local army patrols, who recognized his human features. When he awoke days later, his wounds had been tended to, and he was put up in a room at the local infirmary. This was the start of a long, 3 year campaign with the local militia. He did not understand the concept of "laws" and "orders" and found himself getting punished quite often. He was demoted from the battlefield to the kitchen, where he put his heart and soul into mastering the culinary arts. He wanted to follow Orc tradition and accept a surname based off of his life's greatest accomplishment, and the local soldiers took to calling him "Stewslayer" already, so he took this as his surname.