In his youth, Josiah was a medic for the military in a distant kingdom that was engaged in a drawn out conflict with another kingdom, but he never saw the frontline or any battles. His duty was to help with the clerics in preparing non magical potions for light injuries in order that those with more magic than him could focus on the more serious injuries. After several years of seeing the wounded of what he considered a pointless, if not endless, war, he finally decided to abandon his post.
He traveled the expansive plains, mountains, and endless forests, surviving on the supplies he stole before he left and some food that he was able to forage along the way. After many months without seeing another soul, a fierce winter storm forced him to take shelter in a cave that he found. Severely exhausted from his wanderings in the storm, Josiah was barely able to unroll his bedroll before he passed out.
The next morning he awoke to see that the snowstorm had blocked the entrance to the cave. After his initial panic of being snowed in, he noticed that he could still see despite the lack of a fire. From deeper in the cave, strange wavering light and unnatural warmth emanated. With great reluctance, Josiah packed up his bedding and took up his sword and set off to find the source of this anomaly.
After about an hour of cautious walking, the light grown bright enough to see clearly and the warmth had become a quite noticeable heat since Josiah had worked up a sweat. After one last bend, the light had grown almost blinding, but before Josiah was an unwavering black shadow. The impossible shadow stretched from wall to wall and from ground to ceiling of the cave. There was no way to see beyond it, and yet this blackness was the source of the light.
Josiah stood in awe of this manifestation, the sword loose in his untrained hand. Waves of heat washed over him for what seemed like hours before he regained his senses. Tentatively he reached out with the broadsword to touch try to touch the shadow. The blade passed through the darkness without incident, so emboldened by this, Josiah stepped into the shadow, only to be enveloped by the black.
Instantly, a searing pain erupted from all over his body as though he had just walked through fire. Falling to his knees, he tried to breathe, but every ragged gasp only brought greater burning to his mouth and lungs. Dropping his sword, he doubled over in pain. He knew that this would be the place of his death. Looking up one final time, he saw before him a vast wasteland under the darkened sky of an eclipse, but then he was taken again by the pain. His screams only added to those of the other souls trapped here in this hell.
In the distance a lone figure that stands out against the demonic background moved slowly towards Josiah’s body.
Josiah awoke to the sun’s bright light shining into his eyes. Sitting up in a fright, he felt a horrible pain in his left shoulder. Looking at it, he saw that a pale blue ribbon had been wound around his shoulder like a bandage which he quickly unwound to find a nasty, red symbol branded into his skin. After rewrapping the ribbon, he realized not only that he was back in his bedroll in the mouth of the cave from the night before, but also that he could hear the songs of robins from the trees outside.
Confused, now more than ever, he hesitantly packed up his belongings. When Josiah went to grab his sword, he saw that it was gone, but had been replaced by a yew branch that had been fashioned into a quarterstaff. On the top of this staff, a different symbol had been carved a perfect circle containing a curved line and an upturned crescent. Next to the staff, four flasks stood with matching symbols marked on their stoppers. Taking the flasks and the staff, Josiah ventured cautiously out into the spring day to continue his travels which would eventually lead him to the Stolen Lands.
Each night before he went to sleep, he instinctively knew to take a sip of the potion contained in the flasks. Just as he arrived in Oleg’s trading post, he ran out of the potion, but strangely enough, he realized he knew how to brew another batch.