His parents died of a fever when he was 11, leaving him to live in the streets of Waterdeep on his own. A local gang took over his parents house forcing him out on the street. He managed to survive by picking pockets and stealing from local vendors. Eventually broke into the hovel of Draeken Malios, a once famous actor/bard/adventurer in a well known theater troupe who was now slowly drinking himself to death. Seeing potential in the boy, Draeken made a deal; he would teach the boy everything he knew; how to read, use a sword, play an instrument, and use costumes and misdirection in exchange for keeping him in the drink.
The arrangement suited Shifty, who would spend the morning "working" out on the streets, and return to the hovel in the afternoon for his lessons. This went on for five years, until one day Shifty returned to Draeken only to find him beaten to death and the hovel turned out. Some street thugs had heard who Draeken was and thought that he must have some valuables lying around so they broke into the place and worked him over pretty good trying to find out where he was hiding it. They didn't find anything, and Draeken didn't survive.
Shifty spent the next week hunting the thugs down and murdered each one. The first was killed when he pushed him off of the docks with an anchor tied around his foot. The second was dragged along the cobblestone streets of the city behind a horse drawn carriage. The last one, the ring leader was killed when he tried to flee the city. Shifty tracked him down, overpowered him, and then dropped him down the entrance of a shaft leading into the ruins of Undermountain with just a torch. He didn't last long, because Shifty could hear his screams after a few minutes, and the sounds of whatever monsters live down there gorging themselves on his flesh.
At the ripe age of 18, Shifty left Waterdeep to seek his fortune. Since then he has run afoul of almost every criminal organization on the Sword Coast, and prides himself on being Faerun's only "professional nuisance".