Jack always is an orphan, and always raised in a brothel. He learns his rogue skills from the various women there, and is raised more or less by them and the regular customers. He meets people from all walks, learns and learns, and the brothel workers all like him because he just absorbs their stories like a sponge.
At the end of his teen years, he gets a woman pregnant and so joins a treasure hunting auction house of some kind to make some cash for his family. The woman, always named Sarah, inevitably leaves Jack for a Paladin because Jack is incapable of being monogomous while on the road, and is prone to vanishing for sometimes years at a time. He always sends money to Sarah when he is capable, and writes letters, and always promises to return to her but never does. There are always too many enemies for him to face off against, and his allies need him as he needs them. He feels guilt for not being home with his child, but feels guilt for considering leaving his friends.
He believes in personal freedom and doesn't break the law unless he has to, to do the right thing. He learns this morality as he is exposed to what players would know as an evil alignment. He starts always neutral, just in it for the money, but he slowly comes to understand that the world needs to be a better place for his children to grow up in. He comes to love, honestly love his friends and comrades, and will never hesitate to help them. He spits in the face of anything that tries to cage him, that tries to bully him, and uses his abilities and tactics to level playing fields.
By the time a campaign implodes or a finishes, Jack has usually three or four children on the go. Because one day, one of those children will become an orphan, will be raised in a brothel, and the cycle will repeat; a hero forged in fate who defies fate, who will find others like himself and shape the world.
He also hates ninjas, considering them blunt and unimaginative, reliant on supernatural abilities. He has a grudging respect for assassins, though, and will frustrate their plans when he disagrees with them.