Guy is the son of a well respected orc warrior and a very adventurous human female psionics. When he was yet still a boy his dad was confronted by a monk in a small town bar the monk was very drunk and just minding his time, unknown to the monk he was in guy’s father’s favorite table. After some talking guys father challenged the monk to a duel of honor. The monk soundly beat his father even though the monk had drunk enough to kill most out right. This forever scared his father’s ego which led his dad to going on harder and harder quests to prove his worthiness until one day he just vanished. Growing up he spent a equal amount of time with both races, until the time his dad vanished. This lead his mother to bouts of depression so deep she finally turned guy over to the local church to watch as she went in search of her lost love. Not soon after she left guy (at the ripe age of 12) went in search of a monastery to learn to be the most powerful warrior he had ever heard of, the drunken fist. After many years in their care he has ventured out on his own to try and find out what happened to his parents and to learn the ways of the drunken fist.
His mother tried to teach guy in the ways of the psionic but as a young child his talent was too wild and undisciplined, this changed after spending years at the monastery. One day, once he learns the ways of the drunken master he will honor his mother by incorporating what she tried to teach him with what he has learned from the masters. Guy thinks the power of the mind and the body is much more important than having possessions. He recognizes the need for good weapons and company but doesn’t desire it for himself. His sole motivation is to become a better warrior than his father was and once day beat the man who beat his father in a contest of honor. His body bear the many scars of his training and cares not to hide them because they are badges of honor as to he is today. He knows well the ways of the world but finds it much more beneficial to watch and not get involved unless there is a chance to improve his skills.