Shayla Inanis was raised in a well-to-do family in one of the larger cities on the western side of Telford. She received an above average education from her tutors and was taught that she could be anything she chose to be. In particular, she always had respected her tutor who was hired from the local church. Shayla hoped to one day work for the church and prayed every night that one of the gods might see fit to bless her with holy power.
The night of her 9th birthday, someone responded. She did not know this god from her studies, but the deep, bellowing voice that spoke to her was simultaneously grand, but comforting; in her head, yet so far away. This voice told Shayla that she had great potential, and that swearing an oath to Her would bestow Shayla with many great powers. Shayla gladly accepted this idea and could suddenly feel something inside her change. Where once there was a heavy, warm feeling, Shayla now felt a light, airy sensation. This must be what divinity felt like.
The next day, Shayla excitedly pulled her parents and tutor aside to tell them the good news that she was going to be a great cleric. Her parents smirked knowingly. Shayla had many times told them this. Her tutor asked, “Oh? And to which god? Pelor, like me?” Shayla grinned and told them her god's name. What escaped her lips was not Shayla's voice but a dark abyss of silence filled with a fragile cacophony of unbearable shattering noises. Shayla's mother wept and her father was petrified. Only her tutor reacted, inviting Shayla as calmly as possible to come see his church now that she was a “cleric”.
Shayla was more than happy to visit the church and see how it operated. She would finally be a wise, powerful cleric like she had dreamed! Once the family arrived though, things turned. The clerics at the church could sense the disturbance inside of Shayla and surrounded her. Shayla felt nervous, and then the familiar voice whispered in her ear “They do not believe. They want to take you away from me. Run.”
And so Shayla ran. With an outburst of power she had never felt before, she knocked back the people closing in on her and ran home. Once there, she quickly grabbed anything she could find. Her bag, her favorite books, some trinkets, and various tools from her father's camping trips. Never before would she have been able to carry so much on her back and still run as she did, but the more she rejected the idea of these alleged holy men who had shut their eyes to her god's existence, the more strength she felt in her body.
Soon, she felt panicked thoughts enter her head, but they were not hers. These thoughts belonged to her parents! Without stopping to understand why or how she knew her parents were coming home and searching for her, Shayla ran again. She left her house, the only home she had ever known, and ran west. Her textbook still lay open on her desk to yesterday's lesson: The Wastes. Perhaps out there, Shayla could find others like her, that understood and followed her god.