From a prominent family of warriors, Neyrin is the youngest son of the Stoutarm family. After losing two sons to wars, Neyrin's mother was quite protective of him and forbade him from learning the ways of the warrior. Quite fond of music and dance herself, she frequently dragged him to the market square to see visiting troupes and bards. Neyrin picked up skills from these visits over time, making him a natural performer himself, but he always longed to become a warrior.
As he grew older, he took up bardic skills in earnest, training with a local bard and learning to play the mandolin. Though not fond of singing unless he's knocked a few back in a rowdy tavern, he has found his niche with bad jokes and entertains/annoys those around him with them endlessly.
After leaving home to see the world, he pursued his secret desire to become a warrior, training with a bard skilled in the College of Valor branch. He now sports chain mail armor, carrying a longsword and a whip. Something of a coward when by himself, in the presence of others he is eager to prove his worth as a warrior and will charge into battle alongside the hardiest of warriors.
For years he traveled alone, seeking glory, and has seen his share of trouble. One time in particular, he entered a ruined temple, coming across a magical item (this is a DM controlled NPC, and the magical item is a story item, so I'm still hammering out the fine details) that cursed him with wild magic. Now, any time he engages in battle, performs a song or speech, or tries any other skill or spell, he has a chance to trigger some sort of magical effect, generally centered on himself. Since joining the party he has turned blue (requiring a remove curse spell to revert to normal), temporarily doubled in size, been unable to speak, instead spewing pink bubbles for a few minutes, and summoned a flock of flumphs (this happened in a tavern during a rather drunk night, so no one really noticed it was his fault).
He knows the reason for the curse, but has no idea how to remove it. He's petrified that the party he's traveling with now will cast him out, and desperately wants to prove himself to them, so he's trying to hide this curse from them. Anytime he's confronted about it, he sticks to the deny, deny, deny strategy and pretends nothing is wrong. Eventually this will come out, but for now he's sticking to his guns.