Alnfen Aarnuldel was born in a small Wood Elf village living in a forest owned by a nearby human count, meaning they had to pay taxes and the such to the count. At 102, Alnfen reached manhood, and became a petty thief, working as a carpenter for a day job. For eight years he would live like this, until one day selling his wares in a nearby human town, he encountered a corrupt merchant exploiting the townspeople.
Alnfen realised what the merchant was doing, and therefore what he was doing (being a thief) was wrong. That night he snuck into the merchant's house, stole his money and handed it out to the people he had ripped off. It turns out this merchant was an agent of the local count, and for the next 12 years Alnfen found himself becoming a vigilante, stealing, tricking and embaressing the count's agents and knights.
Six years into his vigilante spree, he married Alenal, a female wood elf from his village, who became his partner in crime. After 12 years of bringing about justice and revenge, including the execution of two of the count's worst followers, the count traced Alnfen back to the village, and attacked the village in force.
Alnfen considered running away, but realised if he abandoned the village, everyone would die. By this point his parents and childhood best friend were already dead, as were many other villagers, but he still had a chance to save the others. He confronted the count and challenged the count to a one-on-one duel. The count, having a sense of honour, agreed, and the two fought.
Alnfen proceeded to get completely wrecked. The count was a fearsome warrior, and Alnfen could barely keep up. It ended with the count cutting Alnfen diagonally across the chest. Before he could finish Alnfen, Alenal jumped at the count with her knife, allowing two of Alnfen's friends to drag him to safety, but the count quickly killed Alenal.
Alnfen has spent the last 13 years travelling as a vigilante thief, bringing retribution and justice to the corrupt and tyrannical, while helping the poor and needy along the way. He has, however, also become an alcoholic and gambler.