Beyond the kingdom of Alarand, Biggen Gurble was born in a monastery of Ragathiel to a woman seeking asylum for herself and the unborn child she carried. She died during childbirth due to complications. Little is known about the birth mother, though rumors have been whispered among the clergy. "Matron of a noble house who's lord turned against them." "Run away whore." "Consort to the Emporor of a kingdom beyond these borders. Biggen was left alone freshly new in the world. One Monk, Wristle, took it upon himself to care for the motherless child, raising him within the halls of the monastery.
It was here that the core values of Ragathiel took hold at a young age. Chivalry. Duty. Vengeance. Biggen took to arms and tutelage quite naturally, being blooded on the battlefield at the tender age of 9. He showed tactical promise as well as the ability to inspire those around him. Great things were planned for Biggen Gurble. Late one rainy night, while an 11 year old Biggen was asleep in his bed, a traveler came to the doors, seeking asylum. As they are want to do, the followers of Ragathiel offered shelter and hospitality to the traveler, and he was grateful for it, however when morning came and Biggen awoke, he discovered all of the monks and the traveler murdered in the night. An emblem burned into the front doors gave Biggen his only clue to what had occurred. A seared image of a White Flame.
Biggen buried his adoptive father and the traveling stranger and set out. Alone in the world, Biggen set forth to discover what he could and do what could be done for his fallen family. For a while he found refuge with a small troupe of a traveling performers. The safety provided Biggen with a little time to determine who he was and what he desired. He enjoyed the wandering and the camaraderie of the road. Traveling across the lands and meeting many many types of folk and creatures. He also heard the way of Cayden Cailean, from the old troupe master, a grizzled old man, named Jeffe. Jeffe sang the praises of Cayden Cailean, also known as the "Lucky Drunk," "Drunken Hero," or the "Accidental God." Biggen was enthralled by the tales of Cayden. He strongly believed that no man should hold power over another, and went so far as to leave jobs unfinished rather than violate his principles. This rang true to Biggen's own feelings and thoughts and he swore to spread Cayden's message paired with Ragathiel's own teachings. He would try to live as he could to both Ragathiel's and Cayden's edicts. "I have seen what slavery can do to a man, I will never keep one, nor suffer one to be kept. "
Biggen came to hold freedom and good in high regard, and opposes tyranny and oppression on principle. He willingly accepts challenges when they are issued, although not as a point of honor; he sees no shame in retreating when necessary if it suits his duty and morals. Stupidity does not equal bravery, and bravery should never be sought at the bottom of a keg. Ragathiel's symbol is a bastard sword crossed with a crimson wing, Biggen keeps his hair died crimson and has a tattoo of a crimson wing on the palm of his blade wielding hand - for when he wields his bastard sword with this hand, he can strike at foes with the weight of Ragathiel. "The Lucky Drunk"'s symbol is represented as a tankard, and Biggen wears one at his belt, for luck as well as practicality. His active credo is "For what man is a man that does not make the world better?"
Time came for Biggen, now 16 to move on from the group and continue his quest and Biggen's search for the justice and truth of what occurred that night has led him towards the kingdom of Alarand. The combination of word of his inquisition and his out right refusal to hide his allegiances to Ragathiel and Cayden Cailean have landed him in irons and a traitor of the Empire.