He was born illegitimately in a very uptight kind of town. His mother had left him on the doorstep of a nobleman's house. The nobleman had found him several hours later, and instead of nurturing him, he was put in a sewer section underneath his house. Here is where he grew up. Being fed once a week, he learned to survive off of the detritus and small creatures. It is also where he acquired his insanity, and his only source of light was a grate underneath a road. Soon, as he grew older, he was used as a living pet, an attraction for the nobleman's mistresses. After 17 years, he couldn't handle the sewer anymore. He needed to be free. He had spent his entire life in the darkness of the small grated area of sewer. He had spent his life learning, listening to the different languages and customs. He learned how to stealthily prey on smaller creatures, he learned that he wanted to be free. Soon he gained his bearings on concepts of time. Once every week a tray of meager food would be placed near the only door, and an arm would come out to place it. For several days he waited, and listened, until he heard footsteps, and then saw the arm outstretch above him to place the food. He opened his jaws, and bit down. This is about the time he began eating human/sentient flesh. Having bit down, he ripped the mans arm off and soon began to eat it. The nobleman came through rapier in hand, not noticing his monster lurking in shadows. The last thing he heard was a low growling sound before being attacked. The rogue was now free, and took part of his deep red garb and made it into his ragged hood and lower body garb. Once escaped, he was initially blinded, but then saw the beauty in the world, and began doing odd jobs and preying on the rich. After some time, he was in a different city, far from his start point, eating garbage when a group of warriors had just defeated the gladitorial champion were walking back to their ship. After catching sight of the unsettling creature, they saw a usefulness in him, and he soon became part of their team.